Update the Readme file (#4)
DevExpress-Examples/wpf-accordion-bind-to-hierarchical-data-structure: Readme.md

[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/📖_How_to_use_DevExpress_Examples-e9f6fc?style=flat-square)](https://docs.devexpress.com/GeneralInformation/403183)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/💬_Leave_Feedback-feecdd?style=flat-square)](#does-this-example-address-your-development-requirementsobjectives)
<!-- default badges end -->

# WPF Accordion Control - Bind to Hierarchical Data Structure

> This example binds [Accordion Control](https://docs.devexpress.com/WPF/118347/controls-and-libraries/navigation-controls/accordion-control) to hierarchical data structure.

Reviewer: OK, but...

"Structure" is countable, therefore, requires an article.

```suggestion
This example binds [Accordion Control](https://docs.devexpress.com/WPF/118347/controls-and-libraries/navigation-controls/accordion-control) to a hierarchical data structure.
```

OR, we could just say "bind to hierarchical data"; I've seen this approach below. Therefore, why not?

```suggestion
This example binds [Accordion Control](https://docs.devexpress.com/WPF/118347/controls-and-libraries/navigation-controls/accordion-control) to hierarchical data.
```

## Implementation Details

> To display hierarchical data in the [AccordionControl](https://docs.devexpress.com/WPF/118347/controls-and-libraries/navigation-controls/accordion-control), bind the `ItemsSource` property to a collection that contains child items. Use the [ChildrenPath](https://docs.devexpress.com/WPF/DevExpress.Xpf.Accordion.AccordionControl.ChildrenPath) property to specify the name of the child collection.

Reviewer: > in **the** `AccordionControl`, bind ...

`AccordionControl` is a proper noun. Either the article goes away or you add a noun to it... Yes, you can collapse

> the `AccordionControl` control

into

> the `AccordionControl`

However, I'm not quite convinced. What could do better here? Just "the `Accordion Control`" or "the Accordion control".

> to a collection **that** contains child items

True, this is a valid pattern often used in documentation. However, in other content types, we should try to replace it with something more natural (if we can). And we definitely can (in this particular case):

> a collection that contains child items

turns into...

> a collection populated with child items

OR

> a child item collection

Of course, the last option also has its drawbacks.

>  to specify the name of **the child collection*.

This whole phrase sounds a bit awkward to my ear... I believe just "the collection" would be more than enough because this is exactly the collection you introduced in the previous sentence.

________________________________________________________

Therefore, my current take on this paragraph looks as follows:

```suggestion
To display hierarchical data in the [Accordion Control](https://docs.devexpress.com/WPF/118347/controls-and-libraries/navigation-controls/accordion-control), bind the `ItemsSource` property to a collection populated with child items. Use the [ChildrenPath](https://docs.devexpress.com/WPF/DevExpress.Xpf.Accordion.AccordionControl.ChildrenPath) property to specify the name of the collection.
```

> In this example, the [AccordionControl](https://docs.devexpress.com/WPF/118347/controls-and-libraries/navigation-controls/accordion-control) is bound to the collection of departments. Each department contains the collection of employees:

Reviewer: > bound to **the** collection of departments. Each department contains **the** collection of employees:

Both cases are indefinite because at this point they only **introduce** an example. And an **introduction** case is always indefinite.

```suggestion
In this example, the [Accordion Control](https://docs.devexpress.com/WPF/118347/controls-and-libraries/navigation-controls/accordion-control) is bound to a collection of departments. Each department contains a collection of employees:
```

```xaml
<dxa:AccordionControl
    ItemsSource="{Binding Departments}"
    ChildrenPath="Employees"
    SelectedItem="{Binding SelectedEmployee, Mode=TwoWay}"
    SelectionUnit="SubItem" />
```

> The `MainViewModel` exposes two bindable properties:

Reviewer: What will actually change if we do this? Must we use a definite case here? If we can go by without it, we should.

```suggestion
`MainViewModel` exposes two bindable properties:
```

> `Departments` – the collection of `EmployeeDepartment` objects grouped by department name.

Reviewer: Likewise, this is an introduction:

```suggestion
`Departments` – a collection of `EmployeeDepartment` objects grouped by department names.
```

> `SelectedEmployee` – the employee selected in the [AccordionControl](https://docs.devexpress.com/WPF/118347/controls-and-libraries/navigation-controls/accordion-control).

Reviewer: This is correct. Because we speak of the **currently** selected employee (here and now):

```suggestion
`SelectedEmployee` – the employee selected in the [Accordion Control](https://docs.devexpress.com/WPF/118347/controls-and-libraries/navigation-controls/accordion-control).
```

> At runtime, the view model loads employee data, groups it by departments, and assigns the first available employee to the `SelectedEmployee` property:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
At runtime, the view model loads employee data, groups it by department, and assigns the first available employee to the `SelectedEmployee` property:
```

> At runtime, the view model loads employee data, groups it by department, and assigns the first available employee to the `SelectedEmployee` property:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At runtime, the view model loads employee data, groups it by departments, and assigns the first available employee to the `SelectedEmployee` property:
```
